[JBEAP-19561] Update shared-resources referenced from EAP QS readmes (#137)
jboss-developer/jboss-developer-shared-resources: guides/USE_JBDS.adoc

* For information about how to import the quickstarts into {JBDSProductName}, and for examples of how to build and deploy a basic quickstart, see link:{LinkGettingStartedGuide}#using_the_quickstart_examples[Using the Quickstart Examples] in the _{GettingStartedBookName}_ for {ProductShortName}.
* For instructions to run the Arquillian tests using the Maven command line, see link:RUN_ARQUILLIAN_TESTS.adoc#run_the_arquillian_tests[Run the Arquillian Tests].

> See https://developers.redhat.com/products/codeready-studio/overview[{JBDSProductName}] on the Red Hat Developer Program web site for additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://developers.redhat.com/products/codeready-studio/overview[{JBDSProductName}] on the Red Hat Developer Program website for additional information.
```

Author: Fixed
